Return error information on HTTP block request (#393)
kendraio/kendraio-app: docs/workflow/blocks/http.rst

  property.
- **headers** - A set of headers with header name as object key. Values are processed by JMESpath
- **endpoint** - The request endpoint. Can take multiple forms. See below. 

> - **onError** - It expects blocks as argument. These blocks will be visible in case of HTTP request error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **onError** - Define an array of blocks to show when there is an error processing the HTTP request. 
```

    }

**Dynamic data** If the endpoint needs to be constructed from data, the endpoint can be specified as an object with a "valueGetter" attribute.

> "valueGetter" get data just from context.  

Reviewer 2: Better English would be - 

"valueGetter" can only get data from the context.

Author: Thanks!

        }
    }

.. code-block:: json

    {
    "type": "http",
    "method": "get",
    "endpoint": {
        "protocol": "https:",
        "host": "api.harvestapp.com/api/v2",
        "pathname": "/reports/time/tasks",
        "valueGetters": {
            "query": "{ from: context.savedData.from, to: context.savedData.to }"
        }
    }
  }

**Headers** 
For advanced use cases, the payload can be constructed using a JMES Path expression.
Custom headers can also be specified using JMESPath expressions.

> Be careful to write your header's value with two types of quote (double quotes + single quotes), if the value is a string.

Reviewer: This part needs an example probably.
I tried to improve it as is though:
```suggestion
Caution: if the custom header value is a string, header values must use two types of quotes: double quotes and single quotes.
```

Author: Yeah, you are right, is not clear, but I don't know how to explain it. 
I am not sure about your suggestion, neither, though.
Why did you write `custom header`? This tip (double+single quotes) is valid for any headers, custom or not. Or when we say "custom header" we mean "non-dynamic value"?

There is an example, is right after this text, in the http block example. https://github.com/kendraio/kendraio-app/pull/393/files#diff-544912a428316debac6dc397877aae4d88c8bdac4836974e3caa2c8389ffc96dR98

But yeah, maybe we can be more explicit and add this line `"payload": "'grant_type=client_credentials'"` in the explanation.

Something like:
> Caution: if the header value is a string, the header value must use two types of quotes: double quotes and single quotes like in the following example: `"payload": "'grant_type=client_credentials'"`

What do you think @lukestanley ?

Actually, I have no idea if it should be in double + single quotes in the case the value is a number or boolean. 
But I don't think we will ever have a header that is not either a string or a dynamic value

Reviewer: Actually I'd replace this:
`For advanced use cases, the payload can be constructed using a JMES Path expression.
Custom headers can also be specified using JMES Path expressions:
Custom headers can also be specified using JMESPath expressions.`
With:

`JMESPath expressions can be used to dynamically set header values.` Rather than the duplication. This would be more clear.

And thanks for pointing out that there is an example below. @gsambrotta

Author: Good catch to avoid repetition. I think it still good to mention the payload tho. 
What about this text for the whole description:
```
JMESPath expressions can be used to dynamically set header and payload values.
Caution: if the header value is a string, it must use two types of quotes: double and single quotes, like "payload": "'grant_type=client_credentials'".
```
Is this good for you @lukestanley ?

Reviewer: I thumbed up suggested text last week. So a commit with that in it is needed, right?  @gsambrotta

.. code-block:: json

  {
      "type": "http",

>       "Defaultmethod": "post",

Reviewer: What's going on here? @gsambrotta

Author: Ah, thanks! I think I was typing somewhere else, and it accidentally typed on that line.

>       "Defaultmethod": "post",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "method": "post",
```
